<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                template="/WEB-INF/template/template.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="content">
         <p:panel header="Proteus: CCDB" styleClass="userManual">            
            <h2 id='introduction'>
                Introduction
            </h2>
             <p>
                During the design and construction of an experimental physics 
                facility (EPF), a heterogeneous set of engineering disciplines, 
                methods, and tools is used, making subsequent exploitation of 
                data difficult. Distributed Information Services for Control Systems (<h:outputLink value="#{msgs.discs}" target="_blank">DISCS</h:outputLink>) 
                is a framework for building high-level applications for commissioning, operation, 
                and maintenance of an EPF. It provides programmatic as well as graphical interfaces 
                to its data and services.
             </p>
             <p>
                It is comprised of a set of cooperating services and applications, and 
                manages data such as machine configuration, lattice, measurements, alignment, 
                cables, machine state, inventory, operations, calibration, and design parameters. 
                The services/applications include Logbook, Traveler, Unit Conversion, Online Model, 
                and Save-Restore. Each component of the system has a database, an API, and a set of 
                applications. The services are accessed through RESTful and EPICS V4 interfaces. 
            </p>
            <p>
                Central Configuration Database System (CCDB) is a module in DISCS; it is a software tool that 
                assists in managing the configuration of a particle accelerator facility.                    
                It stores physical and logical information about the accelerator and its component systems:
                devices, device types, device properties, relationships among devices, data on installation, alignment, and signals.
                This includes information about magnets, RFQs, RF cavities, diagnostic devices, 
                solenoids, power supplies, valves, pumps etc. It contains device 
                attributes, design parameters, schematics, mechanical layouts and detail 
                drawings, electrical schedules, EM model information, building information, utility 
                installation, geographical location etc. It includes devices from both accelerator 
                and experimental systems.                    
            </p>
            <p>
                During its life cycle,  a device or slot undergoes a number of processes such as Mechanical Inspection, Electrical Inspection, and Device Hazard Review.
                CCDB captures the final status of these processes using <e>Readiness Checklists</e>.

                Readiness Checklists are used by Device
                Owners and Area Managers to collect input from Subject Matter Experts (SME), and to 
                decide and document device and slot readiness for installation, integrated testing, and/or beam.  
            </p>
            <h2 id='terminology'>
                Terminology
            </h2>

            <h:panelGroup styleClass="fa fa fa-cogs fa-3x" />
            <h:panelGroup styleClass="fa fa fa-server fa-3x" />
            <h:panelGroup styleClass="fa fa fa-building-o fa-3x" />

            <h2 id='checklist'>
                Features
            </h2>
            
            
            
        </p:panel>
        <!-- BOX END -->

    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>